Improvement: Added Readme for mesh handle tutorials, wiki links still missing. (#2372)
DLR-AMR/t8code: tutorials/mesh_handle/README.md

# Mesh handle tutorials

> This is the tutorial collection for the [mesh_handle](../mesh_handle/README.md) interface of `t8code`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the tutorial collection for the [mesh_handle](../../mesh_handle/README.md) interface of `t8code`. 
```

> The `mesh handle` Interface acts as a bridge between the user and the original t8code library. When using the mesh handle, t8code acts as if it is working with usual unstructured meshes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mesh handle` interface acts as a bridge between the user and the tree-based t8code library. When using the mesh handle, t8code acts as if it is working with unstructured meshes. 
```

> Have a look at the [mesh_handle](../mesh_handle/README.md) for more information.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a look at the [mesh handle README](../mesh_handle/README.md) for more information.   
```

> Have a look at the [mesh handle README](../mesh_handle/README.md) for more information.   

Reviewer: as mentioned in the unresolved conversation above :) 
```suggestion
Have a look at the [mesh handle README](../../mesh_handle/README.md) for more information.   

```

> For more information about the [mesh_handle](../mesh_handle/README.md), look into the readme there.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a look at the [mesh_handle README](../../mesh_handle/README.md) for more information.  
```

Reviewer: Please also add the ../ in the link

There are corresponding articles for every tutorial in this folder in the [Wiki](https://github.com/DLR-AMR/t8code/wiki/Tutorial---Overview). The article can be used as a step-by-step guide for each tutorial. 

> Please note, that the mesh handle tutorials start at step 2. This is due to the fact, that [step0](https://github.com/DLR-AMR/t8code/wiki/Step-0---Hello-World) and [step1](https://github.com/DLR-AMR/t8code/wiki/Step-1---Creating-a-coarse-mesh) are the same when using the mesh handle so please use the original `t8code` tutorials for these steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note, that the mesh handle tutorials start at step 2. This is because [step0](https://github.com/DLR-AMR/t8code/wiki/Step-0---Hello-World) and [step1](https://github.com/DLR-AMR/t8code/wiki/Step-1---Creating-a-coarse-mesh) are identical to the [general t8code tutorials](../general). Complete these steps before switching to the mesh handle tutorials.
```

> ## General

Reviewer: Steps ? General is valid for the other folder

[step0](https://github.com/DLR-AMR/t8code/wiki/Step-0---Hello-World) - 

> Initialize t8code and print a welcome message. (This links leads to the original t8code tutorials, come back after Step 1 to use the mesh handle tutorials instead.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize t8code and print a welcome message.
```

Reviewer: (duplication)

[step1](https://github.com/DLR-AMR/t8code/wiki/Step-1---Creating-a-coarse-mesh) - 

> Create a coarse mesh, output it to vtu and destroy it. (This links leads to the original t8code tutorials, come back after this step to use the mesh handle tutorials instead.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a coarse mesh, output it to vtu and destroy it. We need a coarse mesh to initialize our mesh handle mesh. 
```

[step2] -  

> Create a uniform mesh, get its number of local and global elements, output it to vtu and destroy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a uniform mesh, get its number of local and global elements and output it to vtu.
```
As we do not really need to destroy it

[step3] - 
Adapt a mesh according to a user defined criterion. 

[step4] - 
Partitioning, balancing and creating a ghost layer for a mesh.

[step5](mesh_handle/t8_mesh_step5_element_data.cxx) - 
Associating user data with the elements of a mesh. Exchanging ghost values for element user data. Writing element user data to vtu.

> [step A] - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[stepA] - 
```

> Partitioning, balancing and creating a ghost layer for a mesh. Explains the mesh creation process in more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partitioning, balancing and creating a ghost layer for a mesh. 
```
Or please state what you mean here? Because partition balance and ghost can also be done after mesh creation. What do you explain here in more detail?

> [step5](mesh_handle/t8_mesh_element_data.cxx) - 

Reviewer: we have to think of the renaming here

> [step6] - 

Reviewer: Maybe we dont call it step 6 because this is confusing with step 6 of the general tutorials. Maybe we call it Step A or so?

> Going into more detail about mesh handle competence packs. Explaining element data competences and caching. Creating a custom competence. 

Reviewer: Maybe one sentence about what competences are about?
